2.6.x/prometheus request termination (#3255)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/request-termination/index.md

      default: "`application/json; charset=utf-8`"
      datatype: string
      description: Content type of the raw response configured with `config.body`.
    - name: trigger
      required: false
      default:

>       description: When not set, the plugin always activates. When set to a string, the plugin will activate exclusively on requests containing either a header or a query parameter named like said string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: When not set, the plugin always activates. When set to a string, the plugin will activate exclusively on requests containing either a header or a query parameter that includes the string.
```

Author: I think "is named like" is better than "includes" here. Explanation:

A header (or a query parameter) has two parts: the name and the value. For example in `My-Header: 14` the string `My-Header` is the name and `14` is the value.

When I say the header is "named like said string" I mean that its name must be literally the same. For example, if `trigger` is set to `Activate-Debug` then this header: `Activate-Debug: true` will be named the same, because its name is the same. The value can be anything, even the empty value 

A header that **contains** the string, on the other hand, could be be `My-Activate-Debug: true`, on which the string of the name contains `Activate-Debug` as a substring) or `My-Something-Other: Activate-Debug`, where it is on its value.

If there is another way to say what I meant in English, I don't know it. Perhaps I should add an example?

Reviewer: how's that?

Author: Good enough! Accepted the change

    - name: echo
      required: false
      default: false

>       description: When set, the plugin will echo a copy of the request back to the client. The main usecase for this is debugging. It can be combined with `trigger` in order to debug requests on live systems without disturbing real traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: When set, the plugin will echo a copy of the request back to the client. The main usecase for this is debugging. It can be combined with `trigger` in order to debug requests on live systems without disturbing real traffic.
```

  extra: |
    Once applied, every request (within the configured plugin scope of a Service,
    Route, Consumer, or global) will be immediately terminated by
    sending the configured response.

---

## New in 2.1.0

- `trigger` config option

> - `echo` config option

Reviewer 2: @Tieske - By tomorrow am (EST) would you mind improving the request-termination docs - maybe even reflect the latest changelog entries.

Author: If you are referring to the `trigger` and echo config options, they are explained on the same commit, a bit later (the section you are commenting in only "lists the changes" - a changelog of sorts).

Reviewer 2: Got it - thank you. Missed that.
